Home.md, before:

<!--
This README.md template was NOT orginally created by me(notbeer)! This is a fork of:
https://github.com/othneildrew/Best-README-Template
-->


<!-- PROJECT LOGO -->
<br />
<p align="center">
<a href="https://github.com/BricksVR-Modding/BricksVR-Modding-Guide">
    <img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/94014912?s=200&v=4" alt="Logo" width="80" height="80">
  </a>
  <h3 align="center"><u>BricksVR Modding</u></h3>

  <p align="center">
    A simple repo that explains the basics, anyone can upload their mods here!
    <br />
    <br />
    <br />
    <a href="https://github.com/zakmasood/BricksVRModding">Github</a>
    ·
    <a href="https://github.com/zakmasood/BricksVRModding/issues/new">Report An Issue</a>
    ·
    <a href="https://github.com/zakmasood/BricksVRModding/issues/new">Request A Feature</a>
  </p>
</p>

  [![Contributors][contributors-shield]][contributors-url]
  [![Forks][forks-shield]][forks-url]
  [![Stargazers][stars-shield]][stars-url]
  [![Issues][issues-shield]][issues-url]
  [![MIT License][license-shield]][license-url]

<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->
<details open="open">
  <summary><h2 style="display: inline-block">Modding Types</h2></summary>
  <ol>
    <li>
      <a>Clientside</a>
       <ul>
        <li><a>UI objects such as making the menu dark (darkemod)</a></li>
       </ul>
       <ul>
        <li><a>Adding a cool FPS counter (AXTL's UI Mod)</a></li>
       </ul>
       <ul>
        <li><a>Possibly adding new menus and such!</a></li>
       </ul>
       <ul>
        <li><a>And way more!</a></li>
       </ul>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a>Serverside</a>
       <ul>
        <li><a>Movable bricks as well as new types of bricks!</a></li>
       </ul>
       <ul>
        <li><a>Drivable cars?!</a></li>
       </ul>
       <ul>
        <li><a>A new way to mess with your friends!</a></li>
       </ul>
       <ul>
        <li><a>And again, too much to explain here.</a></li>
       </ul>
    </li>
  </ol>
</details>

<!-- ABOUT THE PROJECT -->
<br />

## How to start modding

Step 1: Download MelonLoader from https://github.com/LavaGang/MelonLoader and run it.
 - Once you run it, it will ask you to select a MONO (or .exe) application
 - Select BricksVR.exe and hit run / install
 - Once MelonLoader is done installing you are good to go!

Note: These other steps are not necessary however for developing mods they are extreemly useful

Step 2: In order to begin modding install https://github.com/sinai-dev/UnityExplorer/releases
 - Unity explorer is not necessary for modding, but is a nice QOL application

Step 3: Unzip Unity explorer
 - There should be a file called UnityExplorer.MelonLoader.IL2CPP.zip 
 - Go into said folder and take out the .dll
 - Access the mod folder (Location will vary for alot of people)
 - Once done put the .dll you took out, and drop it into the mods folder.
 
You are now done! Enjoy modding.
Any new mods you create will need to be put in the Mods folder.

## Custom mods
Now on to creating custom mods!

Step 1: Download and unzip the Testmod - Master.zip folder into C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\BricksVR\Mods

Step 2: Once unzipped, open the Testmod.csproj file in Visual studio, NOT VScode!
- Once done you can get to coding!
- Coding is fairly simple although you do need knowledge of c#
- When you are done coding your amazing new mod, press ctrl + b to build!
- Take the compiled .dll from the build file, and put it in mods!

<!-- LICENSE -->
<br />

## License

Distributed under the MIT License. See `LICENSE` for more information.



<!-- CONTACT -->
<br />

## Contact

Discord - Message us at [BelugaTheAxolotl#2134](https://discordapp.com/users/566770844286844953/), [Darkcryi#7345](https://discordapp.com/users/782864543637700608/) or contact the community through the [BricksVR](https://discord.gg/smD8uxHjxU) Discord server.

Project Link: [https://github.com/zakmasood/BricksVRModding](https://github.com/zakmasood/BricksVRModding)

<br />

## Acknowledgements

* [BricksVR Source Code](https://github.com/d12/bricksvr-game)
* [Readme based off of notbeer's gametest framework readme](https://github.com/notbeer/Gametest-API-Wrapper)

[contributors-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/zakmasood/BricksVRModding.svg?style=for-the-badge
[contributors-url]: https://github.com/zakmasood/BricksVRModding/graphs/contributors
[forks-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/forks/zakmasood/BricksVRModding.svg?style=for-the-badge
[forks-url]: https://github.com/https://github.com/zakmasood/BricksVRModding/network/members
[stars-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/stars/zakmasood/BricksVRModding.svg?style=for-the-badge
[stars-url]: https://github.com/zakmasood/BricksVRModdingstargazers
[issues-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/issues/zakmasood/BricksVRModding.svg?style=for-the-badge
[issues-url]: https://github.com/zakmasood/BricksVRModding
[license-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/license/zakmasood/BricksVRModding.svg?style=for-the-badge
[license-url]: https://github.com/zakmasood/BricksVRModding/blob/main/LICENSE

Commit message:

clarify(): Make a section called debugging rather than stating it as a necessity

Home.md, after:

<!--
This README.md template was NOT orginally created by me(notbeer)! This is a fork of:
https://github.com/othneildrew/Best-README-Template
-->


<!-- PROJECT LOGO -->
<br />
<p align="center">
<a href="https://github.com/BricksVR-Modding/BricksVR-Modding-Guide">
    <img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/94014912?s=200&v=4" alt="Logo" width="80" height="80">
  </a>
  <h3 align="center"><u>BricksVR Modding</u></h3>

  <p align="center">
    A simple repo that explains the basics, anyone can upload their mods here!
    <br />
    <br />
    <br />
    <a href="https://github.com/zakmasood/BricksVRModding">Github</a>
    ·
    <a href="https://github.com/zakmasood/BricksVRModding/issues/new">Report An Issue</a>
    ·
    <a href="https://github.com/zakmasood/BricksVRModding/issues/new">Request A Feature</a>
  </p>
</p>

  [![Contributors][contributors-shield]][contributors-url]
  [![Forks][forks-shield]][forks-url]
  [![Stargazers][stars-shield]][stars-url]
  [![Issues][issues-shield]][issues-url]
  [![MIT License][license-shield]][license-url]

<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->
<details open="open">
  <summary><h2 style="display: inline-block">Modding Types</h2></summary>
  <ol>
    <li>
      <a>Clientside</a>
       <ul>
        <li><a>UI objects such as making the menu dark (darkemod)</a></li>
       </ul>
       <ul>
        <li><a>Adding a cool FPS counter (AXTL's UI Mod)</a></li>
       </ul>
       <ul>
        <li><a>Possibly adding new menus and such!</a></li>
       </ul>
       <ul>
        <li><a>And way more!</a></li>
       </ul>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a>Serverside</a>
       <ul>
        <li><a>Movable bricks as well as new types of bricks!</a></li>
       </ul>
       <ul>
        <li><a>Drivable cars?!</a></li>
       </ul>
       <ul>
        <li><a>A new way to mess with your friends!</a></li>
       </ul>
       <ul>
        <li><a>And again, too much to explain here.</a></li>
       </ul>
    </li>
  </ol>
</details>

<!-- ABOUT THE PROJECT -->
<br />

## How to start modding

Step 1: Download MelonLoader from https://github.com/LavaGang/MelonLoader and run it.
 - Once you run it, it will ask you to select a MONO (or .exe) application
 - Select BricksVR.exe and hit run / install
 - Once MelonLoader is done installing you are good to go!

### Debugging:

  Exploring the mechanics and workings of the game can be very difficult at times. UnityExplorer helps us to debug the game and modify some behaviours in real time!

Step 1: In order to begin debugging install https://github.com/sinai-dev/UnityExplorer/releases
 - Unity explorer is not necessary for modding, but is a nice QOL application

Step 3: Unzip Unity explorer
 - There should be a file called UnityExplorer.MelonLoader.IL2CPP.zip 
 - Go into said folder and take out the .dll
 - Access the mod folder (Location will vary for alot of people)
 - Once done put the .dll you took out, and drop it into the mods folder.
 
You are now done! Enjoy searching the game.

## Creating mods
Now on to creating your own mods!

Step 1: Download the [TestMod](https://github.com/LavaGang/TestMod/archive/refs/heads/master.zip) example, after that you can move the master.zip folder to wherever you like, just make sure you can find it in the future!

Step 2: Once unzipped, open the Testmod.csproj file in Visual Studio, do NOT use any other code editors!
- Once done you can get to coding, check out the Scripts directory on how to use some of these features!
- Coding is fairly simple although you do need knowledge of c#
- When you are done coding your amazing new mod, press ctrl + b to build!
- Take the compiled .dll from the build file, and put it in the Mods directory (this will likely be `C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\BricksVR\Mods` for you)!
- Any new mods you create will need to be put in the Mods folder.

<!-- LICENSE -->
<br />

## License

Distributed under the MIT License. See `LICENSE` for more information.



<!-- CONTACT -->
<br />

## Contact

Discord - Message us at [BelugaTheAxolotl#2134](https://discordapp.com/users/566770844286844953/), [Darkcryi#7345](https://discordapp.com/users/782864543637700608/) or contact the community through the [BricksVR](https://discord.gg/smD8uxHjxU) Discord server.

Project Link: [https://github.com/zakmasood/BricksVRModding](https://github.com/zakmasood/BricksVRModding)

<br />

## Acknowledgements

* [BricksVR Source Code](https://github.com/d12/bricksvr-game)
* [Readme based off of notbeer's gametest framework readme](https://github.com/notbeer/Gametest-API-Wrapper)

[contributors-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/zakmasood/BricksVRModding.svg?style=for-the-badge
[contributors-url]: https://github.com/zakmasood/BricksVRModding/graphs/contributors
[forks-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/forks/zakmasood/BricksVRModding.svg?style=for-the-badge
[forks-url]: https://github.com/https://github.com/zakmasood/BricksVRModding/network/members
[stars-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/stars/zakmasood/BricksVRModding.svg?style=for-the-badge
[stars-url]: https://github.com/zakmasood/BricksVRModdingstargazers
[issues-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/issues/zakmasood/BricksVRModding.svg?style=for-the-badge
[issues-url]: https://github.com/zakmasood/BricksVRModding
[license-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/license/zakmasood/BricksVRModding.svg?style=for-the-badge
[license-url]: https://github.com/zakmasood/BricksVRModding/blob/main/LICENSE
